[DOC]: Replaces icc_rt with intel-cmplr-lib-rt (#8440)
numba/numba: docs/source/user/performance-tips.rst

Intel provides a short vector math library (SVML) that contains a large number
of optimised transcendental functions available for use as compiler
intrinsics. If the ``intel-cmplr-lib-rt`` package is present in the
environment (or the SVML libraries are simply locatable!) then Numba
automatically configures the LLVM back end to use the SVML intrinsic functions
where ever possible. SVML provides both high and low accuracy versions of each
intrinsic and the version that is used is determined through the use of the
``fastmath`` keyword. The default is to use high accuracy which is accurate to
within ``1 ULP``, however if ``fastmath`` is set to ``True`` then the lower
accuracy versions of the intrinsics are used (answers to within ``4 ULP``).

First obtain SVML, using conda for example::

    conda install intel-cmplr-lib-rt

> Note that SVML library was previously provided through `icc_rt` conda package,
> but `icc_rt` became a meta-package as of version 2021.1.1 which pulls
> `intel-cmplr-lib-rt` amongst other packages as a dependency. Installing
> the recommended package directly results in fewer installed packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..note::
    The SVML library was previously provided through the `icc_rt` conda package.
    The `icc_rt` package has since become a meta-package and as of version
    `2021.1.1` it has `intel-cmplr-lib-rt` amongst other packages as a
    dependency. Installing the recommended `intel-cmplr-lib-rt` package directly
    results in fewer installed packages.
```
Suggest the above, it makes the paragraph render as a highlighted "note" and there's a couple of grammatical suggestions too.

Author: Thank you @stuartarchibald! `.. note::` was clearly in order.

Intel provides a short vector math library (SVML) that contains a large number
of optimised transcendental functions available for use as compiler
intrinsics. If the ``intel-cmplr-lib-rt`` package is present in the
environment (or the SVML libraries are simply locatable!) then Numba
automatically configures the LLVM back end to use the SVML intrinsic functions
where ever possible. SVML provides both high and low accuracy versions of each
intrinsic and the version that is used is determined through the use of the
``fastmath`` keyword. The default is to use high accuracy which is accurate to
within ``1 ULP``, however if ``fastmath`` is set to ``True`` then the lower
accuracy versions of the intrinsics are used (answers to within ``4 ULP``).

First obtain SVML, using conda for example::

    conda install intel-cmplr-lib-rt

> .. note::
>     The SVML library was previously provided through the `icc_rt` conda package.
>     The `icc_rt` package has since become a meta-package and as of version
>     `2021.1.1` it has `intel-cmplr-lib-rt` amongst other packages as a
>     dependency. Installing the recommended `intel-cmplr-lib-rt` package directly
>     results in fewer installed packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
    The SVML library was previously provided through the ``icc_rt`` conda
    package. The ``icc_rt`` package has since become a meta-package and as of
    version ``2021.1.1`` it has ``intel-cmplr-lib-rt`` amongst other packages as
    a dependency. Installing the recommended ``intel-cmplr-lib-rt`` package
    directly results in fewer installed packages.
```
Apologies @oleksandr-pavlyk, the last suggestion I made only used single back-ticks instead of double, which lead to italic markup opposed to mono-spaced. This suggestion should address that error.
